How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was
 introduced? it pulled up the stop in the two programs that had been changed. one 
line showed what it was changed from and the other showed what it was changed to.
How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient
 programmer in the long term? if you end up changing somethings in a program and you
 dont end up liking the outcome you can go back to a prev version where you were happy.
 Also if you cant remember how you did something you can go back and look to see how
 you did it.What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create
 a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google docs
 does? controlling the commits manually can cause someone to commi to much or not enough.
But having a program commit for you could cause the creation of a commit at a time that
is completely unnesscary or wouldnt make sense when someone went back to look at that 
specific commit.Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving
 multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
For coding it is common to make a change that effect multiple files. so something like
git help out for that. where as something like google docs isnt geared towards coders 
so it does not specifaccly help out with this.How can you use the commands git log and
 git diff to view the history of files? git log shows you when a new commit was done and
a short description of what was changed. git diff shows you the difference in the first 
version compared to the second version.How might using version control make you more
 confident to make changes that could break something? ill know that i have a prev 
saved that i can o back to if i do end up breaking something. Now that you have your
 workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?  id like to see how most people 
use git and then try to do what they do with it. i want to know some of the best things it
 does and how to do those things.